[DOC] Refresh standard libraries page (#12404)
ruby/ruby: doc/standard_library.md

# Ruby Standard Library

The Ruby Standard Library is a large collection of classes and modules you can
require in your code to gain additional features.

Below is an overview of the libraries and extensions, followed by a brief description
of each.

> ## Libraries

Reviewer: Shouldn't these headings `###` as well as under Default/Bundled gems?

Author: I misread the original headings. I've restored them now.

- `MakeMakefile`: A module used to generate a Makefile for C extensions
- `RbConfig`: Information about your Ruby configuration and build
- `Gem`: A package management framework for Ruby

## Extensions

- `Coverage`: Provides coverage measurement for Ruby.

> - `Monitor`: Provides an object or module that can be safely used by more than one thread.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `Monitor`: Provides a reentrant mutex.
```

- `objspace`: Extends the ObjectSpace module to add methods for internal statistics.
- `PTY`: Creates and manages pseudo-terminals.
- `Ripper`: Provides an interface for parsing Ruby programs into S-expressions.
- `Socket`: Accesses underlying OS socket implementations.

## Default gems

- Default gems are shipped with Ruby releases and also available as rubygems.
- Default gems are not uninstallable from the Ruby installation.
- Default gems can be updated using rubygems.
    - e.g. `gem update json`
- Default gems can be used with bundler environments like `unbundled_env`.
- Default gems can be used at any version in a Gemfile.
    - e.g. `gem "json", ">= 2.6"`

### Libraries

> - [benchmark][benchmark]: Provides methods to measure and report the time used to execute code

Reviewer: Why these lines double the library names?

- [readline]: Wrapper for the Readline extension and Reline
- [reline]: GNU Readline and Editline in a pure Ruby implementation
- [resolv]: Thread-aware DNS resolver library in Ruby
- [rdoc]: Produces HTML and command-line documentation for Ruby
- [securerandom]: Interface for a secure random number generator
- [set]: Provides a class to deal with collections of unordered, unique values
- [shellwords]: Manipulates strings with the word parsing rules of the UNIX Bourne shell
- [singleton]: Implementation of the Singleton pattern for Ruby
- [tempfile]: A utility class for managing temporary files
- [time]: Extends the Time class with methods for parsing and conversion
- [timeout]: Auto-terminate potentially long-running operations in Ruby
- [tmpdir]: Extends the Dir class to manage the OS temporary file path
- [tsort]: Topological sorting using Tarjan's algorithm
- [un]: Utilities to replace common UNIX commands
- [uri]: A Ruby module providing support for Uniform Resource Identifiers
- [yaml]: The Ruby client library for the Psych YAML implementation
- [weakref]: Allows a referenced object to be garbage-collected

## Extensions

> - [date]: A subclass of Object that includes the Comparable module for handling dates
> - `DateTime`: A subclass of Date for handling dates, hours, minutes, seconds, and offsets

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [date]: Represents dates, with a subclass for dates with time and timezones.
```

I realize `DateTime` was listed separately previously, but I think that was a mistake.  We should only be listing the library here (`DateTime` is not a separate library, just a class provided by the `date` library).

- [digest]: Provides a framework for message digest libraries
- [etc]: Provides access to information typically stored in the UNIX /etc directory
- [fcntl]: Loads constants defined in the OS fcntl.h C header file
- [fiddle]: A libffi wrapper for Ruby
- [io-console]: Extensions for the IO class, including `IO.console`, `IO.winsize`, etc.
- [json]: Implements JavaScript Object Notation for Ruby
- [openssl]: Provides SSL, TLS, and general-purpose cryptography for Ruby
- [pathname]: Representation of the name of a file or directory on the filesystem
- [psych]: A YAML parser and emitter for Ruby
- [stringio]: Pseudo-I/O on String objects
- [strscan]: Provides lexical scanning operations on a String
- [win32ole]: Provides an interface for OLE Automation in Ruby
- [zlib]: Ruby interface for the zlib compression/decompression library

# Bundled gems

- Bundled gems are shipped with Ruby releases and also available as rubygems.
    - They are only bundled with Ruby releases.
    - They can be uninstalled from the Ruby installation.
    - They need to be declared in a Gemfile when used with bundler.

## Libraries

> - [minitest]: A test suite with TDD, BDD, mocking, and benchmarking

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [minitest]: A test library supporting TDD, BDD, mocking, and benchmarking
```

# Ruby Standard Library

The Ruby Standard Library is a large collection of classes and modules you can
require in your code to gain additional features.

Below is an overview of the libraries and extensions, followed by a brief description
of each.

## Libraries

- `MakeMakefile`: A module used to generate a Makefile for C extensions
- `RbConfig`: Information about your Ruby configuration and build
- `Gem`: A package management framework for Ruby

## Extensions

> - `Coverage`: Provides coverage measurement for Ruby.
> - `Monitor`: Provides a reentrant mutex.
> - `objspace`: Extends the ObjectSpace module to add methods for internal statistics.
> - `PTY`: Creates and manages pseudo-terminals.
> - `Ripper`: Provides an interface for parsing Ruby programs into S-expressions.
> - `Socket`: Accesses underlying OS socket implementations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `Coverage`: Provides coverage measurement for Ruby
- `Monitor`: Provides a reentrant mutex
- `objspace`: Extends the ObjectSpace module to add methods for internal statistics
- `PTY`: Creates and manages pseudo-terminals
- `Ripper`: Provides an interface for parsing Ruby programs into S-expressions
- `Socket`: Accesses underlying OS socket implementations
```

- Pathname ([GitHub][pathname]): Representation of the name of a file or directory on the filesystem
- Psych ([GitHub][psych]): A YAML parser and emitter for Ruby
- StringIO ([GitHub][stringio]): Pseudo-I/O on String objects
- StringScanner ([GitHub][strscan]): Provides lexical scanning operations on a String
- TmpDir ([GitHub][tmpdir]): Extends the Dir class to manage the OS temporary file path
- WIN32OLE ([GitHub][win32ole]): Provides an interface for OLE Automation in Ruby
- Zlib ([GitHub][zlib]): Ruby interface for the zlib compression/decompression library

## Tools

- [IRB][irb-doc] ([GitHub][irb]): Interactive Ruby command-line tool for REPL (Read Eval Print Loop)
- [RDoc][rdoc-doc] ([GitHub][rdoc]): Documentation generator for Ruby

# Bundled gems

- Bundled gems are shipped with Ruby releases and also available as rubygems.
    - They are only bundled with Ruby releases.
    - They can be uninstalled from the Ruby installation.
    - They need to be declared in a Gemfile when used with bundler.

## Libraries

- [minitest]: A test library supporting TDD, BDD, mocking, and benchmarking

> - [power_assert]: Power Assert for Ruby.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [power_assert]: Power Assert for Ruby
```

- [rake]: Ruby build program with capabilities similar to make
- [test-unit]: A compatibility layer for MiniTest
- [rexml]: An XML toolkit for Ruby
- [rss]: A family of libraries supporting various XML-based "feeds"
- [net-ftp]: Support for the File Transfer Protocol
- [net-imap]: Ruby client API for the Internet Message Access Protocol
- [net-pop]: Ruby client library for POP3
- [net-smtp]: Simple Mail Transfer Protocol client library for Ruby

> - [matrix]: Represents a mathematical matrix.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [matrix]: Represents a mathematical matrix
```

- [prime]: Prime numbers and factorization library
- [rbs]: RBS is a language to describe the structure of Ruby programs
- [typeprof]: A type analysis tool for Ruby code based on abstract interpretation
- [debug]: Debugging functionality for Ruby

> - [racc]: A LALR(1) parser generator written in Ruby.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [racc]: A LALR(1) parser generator written in Ruby
```
